(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
PETER: I'm gonna ask you this one time.
Where is Gamora?
I'll do you one better. Who's Gamora?
I'll do you one better. Why is Gamora?
DEY: Gamora. Surgically modified
and trained as a living weapon.
(ALL GRUNTING)
-I'll need this.
-Good luck.
It's internally wired.
I'll figure something out. (GRUNTS)
DEY: The adopted daughter
of the Mad Titan, Thanos.
What's your name?
Gamora.
You're quite the fighter, Gamora.
Everything I hate about myself
you taught me.
And, in doing so, made you
the fiercest woman in the galaxy.
(YELLING)
Father's plan is finally in motion.
He's found an Infinity Stone.
RONAN: Go to Xandar and get me the Orb.
Only then will Thanos
destroy Xandar for me.
You have the bearing of a man of honor.
Peter Quill. People call me Star-Lord.
-(GRUNTS)
-(GROANS)
-NOVA PILOT: You are under arrest.
SAAL: Looks like we've apprehended
one of Ronan's compatriots.
PRISONER: You first, Gamora!
ROCKET: Lot of prisoners here have lost
their families to Ronan and his goons.
Ronan murdered my family.
I shall kill one of his in return.
-(GRUNTING)
-(BONES CRACKING)
I'm no family to Ronan or Thanos.
I wasn't retrieving the Orb for Ronan.
I was betraying him.
When Thanos took my home world,
he killed my parents in front of me.
(BOTH SCREAMING)
He turned me into a weapon.
Here. You try.
There. You've got it.
When he said he was going to destroy
an entire planet for Ronan,
I couldn't stand by.
(GRUNTS)
Quill? What happened?
PETER: I saw you out there.
I don't know what came over me.
But I couldn't let you die.
You'll die in seconds!
I found something inside of myself.
Something incredibly heroic.
I mean, not to brag.
NEBULA: As a child, my father
would have Gamora and me
battle one another in training.
Every time my sister prevailed,
my father would replace
a piece of me with machinery.
(YELLING)
I just wanted a sister!
I was concerned with staying alive
until the next day, every day.
And I never considered
what Thanos was doing to you.
You will always be my sister.
When are we going to do something
about this unspoken thing between us?
GAMORA: One way or another,
the path that we're on leads to Thanos.
If he gets all six Infinity Stones,
he'll be too powerful to stop.
He already is.
(GROANING)
THANOS: Is that sadness
I sense in you, daughter?
Reality is often disappointing.
Now, reality can be whatever I want.
-(SCREAMING)
-Where is the Soul Stone?
Vormir!
Show me.
RED SKULL: In order to take the stone,
you must lose that which you love.
A soul for a soul.
No. This isn't love.
No!
Have either of you guys
ever studied quantum physics?
We could enter the quantum realm
at a certain point in time
but then exit at another point in time.
Before Thanos.
We're not the only ones in 2014
looking for the stones.
Wait a minute.
Who else is looking for these stones?
NEBULA: My sister.
GAMORA: Tell me something.
In the future...
what happens to you and me?
We become friends.
We become sisters.
Come on. We can stop him.
Gamora? I thought I lost you.
-Ow. (GROANING)
-Don't touch me!
You missed the first time.
Then you got 'em both the second time.
This is the one? Seriously?
Your choices were him or a tree.